So, this lawyer was losing $100,000 a
year because his business model was
broken. And so, what I want to walk
through is how we fixed it, how you can
apply the learnings from his business to
your business. My name's Alexi. I run
acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of
companies uh that last year did over
$250 million a year in aggregate. And we
help businesses just like the one I'm
going to walk you through today scale.
So, let me give you the first rule that
I have in terms of scaling a business.
111. One product, one avatar, one
channel until you're at a million bucks
a year. All right? So that means you
sell one thing to one person in one way
until you get to a million. The first
issue was the help everyone issue. I
don't think there's anything wrong with
having this as a noble goal, but you're
not going to help anybody if you're
broke. You need resources. So the
attorney launched courses and software
to kind of give back. There were some
financial consequences from that because
the software itself alone was losing him
money. And so he's spending the majority
of his time on these two things. And
guess where you think most of his money
was coming from here? His services.
Here's the reality of this is that every
hour you were spending on the
unprofitable work was an hour not spent
on scaling the services which was the
main cash cow of the business. Like it
kills a ton of businesses. And the thing
is they feel justified in this. Like
they're they're doing the Lord's work,
but you're not you're fooling yourself
because you're not willing to confront
the harder issue which is that you don't
know how to focus and you don't know how
to say no. And it also means you don't
know how to say no to customers because
you cannot sell everyone. Even if you
give everything away for free, you'll
have people who complain. So people
complaining is going to be a constant in
business. You might as well have them
complain and be profitable and help the
people who are swimming towards you. And
this is actually pretty near and dear to
me because when I met Ila, my wife, she
was a trainer and she actually had this
bleeding heart uh syndrome, if you will.
And she was like, I just want to build a
company where people really love working
and I just want to help a lot of people.
And I said, do you think it's possible
that you will be able to help more
people if you make money? and she
thought about it for a while and she was
like, "Yeah, I think so." And so that
was actually one of the first
conversations we had on our first date
um that led into all the things that we
have today. And so this is what we did
to solve problem number one. We killed
the vampire. All right? Because right
now they had something that was sucking
up their cash flow and preventing them
from scaling. Now he had this hope maybe
I'll sell the software down the line.
Dude, you're not going to sell the
software. It's not good enough. You
don't have any money. The people that
you have working for you are unfocused.
It's not going to work long term. No
one's going to give you this multiple.
Like this is the thing. People think
like, "Oh, I put some code together. I'm
going to have a 10x on my topline. If
you think that, you're not going to get
it. People who are actually in software
are going allin and it's still
incredibly hard. The second thing is we
took the education business and I said,
"Okay, well, what if we could use that
to just drive more into the services?"
So, we repositioned the very cheap
education as free education and then
that allows people to ascend themselves
into the services. And so, this gives
you a very powerful front end that gets
spread from word of mouth. You can also
advertise it, but ultimately we just
know that that's going to drive more
people into this community where he was
teaching things. And then they're like,
you know what, this sounds like a lot of
work. I'd love to have you do it. And
the third thing we did is that okay, if
we've killed the vampire, we reposition
the education to drive the services.
What can we do with the services? Well,
we want to double down. And so what does
that actually mean? It means we had to
repric the services because their close
rate was exceptionally high. Again, the
help everyone issue. They just wanted to
say yes to every single person, but they
weren't able to get nearly as much
profit as they probably should have. And
so in his business, I saw an easy double
or triple for the right avatar. And so
what happens is, let's say you've got,
you know, you know, avatar A, avatar B,
and avatar C. The thing is that an A
client might be able to spend 10 times
more than a C client. And so what most
people do is they take A, B, and C, they
average them and say, "Okay, well, I'm
going to charge 2x rather than 10x." And
they sacrifice their margin and
ultimately how much they're able to
scale. Because believe it or not,
there's still a ton of A's. So just
serve them first. The best customer you
have. This is the ICP, the ideal
customer profile. This is what we're
doubling down on in the service. Let's
find that one customer, that one avatar
to sell our one product to on one
channel. So, that's how we solve problem
number one. Real quick, the reason for
this ad is I'm throwing the entrepreneur
event of the season, and you're invited.
This is going to be my biggest book
ever. No, not like that. This is going
to be my biggest book. Well, not even
like that. This is going to be my
biggest book ever. Actually, not even
biggest book ever. 100 million Money
Models. And I've been preparing to
release this book to you for over two
years. And at the launch event August
16th, I'm going to be showing you how to
get more customers to spend more money
with you in less time over and over
again. It's the most valuable skill set
I have. Now, on top of that, come check
this out. I've got five mystery
headliners that have all confirmed
they're going to be there live, and
they've never before shared the same
stage, and most of these people don't
speak publicly. Now, on top of that, I
have four amazing bonuses that are
available to anyone who wants to
pre-order a book. You don't have to
because you can register for free for
that. You can show up for free. You can
enjoy all of that for nothing. But if
you want to pre-order a copy of the
book, I got four bonuses for you. Now,
on top of that, I've got one project
that I've been working on for the last 2
years that I'll be unveiling live. And I
can't tell you what it is, but I can
tell you that it's better than an NFT.
It's less than a Bitcoin, and every
single person who shows up live gets
one. So, if you want it, click register.
I'll see you there live August 16th.
Pre-order a book if you want. It's going
to be awesome.
So problem number two is they had broken
traffic. So what does this mean? It
means they had a leaky bucket, right? So
when I asked him to walk me through how
he was getting customers, he told me
that he created content on YouTube. But
when I asked him if that was where most
of the leads were coming from, he said,
"Actually, they go to his Instagram page
from YouTube." I was like, "Okay, so
what are your calls to action in the
video?" I was like, "Do you send them
from your videos to Instagram?" He said,
"No, they actually just randomly find me
on Instagram and then they DM us on
Instagram and ask us questions and
that's ultimately how we get leads." I
was like, "Okay, slow down. So, you're
getting all your leads from a place that
you don't tell them where to go and then
when they get to that Instagram, which
they find on accident, your profile
doesn't even solicit them to DM you."
And he was like, "Yes." So, I was like,
"Great. Well, let's solve that." Now, I
make this as an extreme example, but I
see this as a problem that a lot of
business owners make, which is that like
they don't know where the leads are
coming from. And so, they continue to
optimize for the wrong thing. They
continue to stick with what's
comfortable or what they know instead of
adjusting based on their customers how
they behave, right? And so, he was
probably leaving 20, 30, $50,000 a month
on the table just by not optimizing his
traffic that he already was getting. So,
we did five things to solve this
problem. So number one is we added CTAs
at the 30% mark in his YouTube videos to
go to Instagram and DM him. The second
is that we put that CTA in more places.
So we also put it in the description. We
also put it in the pinned comment. We
also updated his YouTube profile to also
have the same CTA. So B, C, and D are
all the same concept. And then finally,
here's the nasty one. We started
proactively
DMing people who are following him
because he's doing way better on YouTube
than he is on Instagram. And so most of
those new follows are people who are
coming from his YouTube. So we just
said, "Okay, well, if someone follows
you, DM them and just say,"Hey, you here
for free stuff or do you want to help
with your your legal stuff?" They say,
"I want help." Then boom, you have a
lead. If I'm a business owner, I'm
thinking, "Okay, what can I take from
this?" So we took someone's existing
behavior. We weren't like, "Oh, let's
drive them through funnel." People were
already going to Instagram and DMing
him. And he already knew how to convert
from DM. So like, let's not break that.
Let's lubricate it. The other piece that
we did in terms of why this worked is
that we were getting qualified leads up
front. So, we started filtering them in
the DMmers by saying free thing or help.
And by doing that, it just got so much
of the time wasted in the DMs off their
plate. So, the third problem that we
that we encountered was he had an hourly
billing trap, right? He was billing the
wrong way. They were charging $250 an
hour and the average client value was
1,500 bucks. All right, so that's 6
hours on average. This, in my opinion,
was leaving a lot on the table because
people were actually coming to him not
for hourly services. They were coming
for a specific result. The issue here is
that he actually was underpricing the
result. And so trying to say, "Hey,
we're $250 an hour." Maybe that's a lot,
maybe it's not a lot. No one no one has
a really good idea of what an hourly
rate should be unless they just look at
other people's hourly rates, which makes
you a commodity. Whereas, if you say,
"Hey, you want your music to be able to
be sold to a record label. I'll get all
of the IP protection in place in order
for you to do that." Well, now I can
position the price of my thing in
relation to the dream outcome that they
want, which is to become a music star
and ultimately leverage that to become
famous and, you know, save the world
with their music. And so this
underpricing trap is especially common
with service providers who price based
on time based on outcome. All right, you
want to be value based, not kind of
feature-based in terms of your pricing.
So we ditched the hourly billing and we
went with 5,800 upfront. Now that sounds
you're like, "Holy cow, that's way
bigger." Now remember, he had plenty of
sales conversations that was able to
generate and he had a pretty good close
rate. And so if you have a really good
close rate or an exceptionally good
close rate, then I hear that and think,
"Oh, we're underpriced." And so on top
of this 5,800, we also tagged in a
little commission that he gets if they
close a deal. And some of these deals
are worth several hundred,000. So it
actually adds up to be uh pretty
material for him. But also, I like
adding that piece in because when you
talk about flat fee plus performance,
guess what you think the prospect is
thinking? Oh, this is probably going to
happen. So, we actually literally how we
present our price will dictate the
belief that a prospect is going to have
based on what they will believe our
incentive structure is. If he just said,
"Hey, uh, I'm 100% commission." Then
people be like, "Holy cow, that's an
amazing offer." And a lot of people do
that because it is such an amazing
offer. But how can we dial this back to
find the sweet spot? Because plenty of
these musicians might not have been good
and some of the clients that you might
work with might not actually be
successful. So, we have to balance our
risk here. But still having an element
of performance still drives that
conviction. Now, what we did that I
think is kind of clever, and this is my
preferred way of doing things if I ever
have the option, is having an AB offer.
And so, you can AB anything, hint, it's
coming out of my next book. I'm talking
about this. But whenever you have an
offer, if you say, "Would you like
chocolate or vanilla? Do you want to
start Monday or Tuesday? Do you want to
have a male or female masseuse?" You can
always AB your offer. All right? And so,
the B offer that we made here was
$25,000 with zero commission. Now, what
is this offer? This offer is an anchor
because now it makes the 5800 offer seem
like a steal. So that was the main thing
we did to break him out of the hour of
billing. Now you might be like, "Well,
he might not sell as many." Well, guess
what we did earlier? We've got him a
whole bunch more traffic and we got way
more people to opt in and we already
triaged to the best clients. See how
this is all stacking together? So the
fourth problem that came up is like,
okay, he didn't have a sales process.
Now, he was good at selling, but he
didn't have any kind of process in place
to make it a sales motion that is
repeatable. And so if your conversions
right now are hit or miss and you're not
sure what's going on, it's usually
because you're missing a sales flow. And
so everything was happening ad hoc. So
some leads came through Instagram,
others booked random calls through
Calendarly. And to be fair, I'm not
hating on him. Like he, you know, he's
doing a great job and it's small
business. We're starting out. That's how
it works, right? But if you're in the
situation, you have a huge amount of
opportunity here by just cleaning this
stuff up. So the founder was actually
treating every call like a legal
consultation. And so he was actually
charging the 250 for the call up front
because it was an hour of his time,
which for me I'm like, "Oh my god, we're
missing out on so many opportunities
because we haven't positioned this in
any kind of valuable way. It's just
like, hey, pay for an hour of my time
and then I'll sell you more hours of my
time." Not a fan. Instead, I'd rather
qualify prospects upfront, have them
watch a structured structured sales
presentation, make sure that they are
qualified for the product or service
that we're trying to sell, then sell
that thing all up front, and then
provide the service. And so what this
does is this actually matches to what a
high intent lead how they actually want
to buy. They want to know that you're
legit. They want to know that you have a
process. This isn't your first rodeo.
And you demonstrate that even before you
do your services. How someone is sold
will dictate how legit they think you
are. Here's what we implement inside the
business to fix the sales motion. So
number one is we put a VSSL that was 5
to seven minutes. If you don't know what
that is, it's a video sales letter. All
it is is basically explaining who, what,
where, when, why. This is what we do.
And then frequently asked questions. You
don't need to over complicate this. A
lot of people think that there's some
big black box of magic that like only
these super secret ninja, you know,
marketers understand. You just answer
the questions and the language that they
present to you on sales calls. So, the
normal question someone asks on calls
about your products and your services,
you take all those questions, you say it
back to them in the video and say, "A
lot of people ask this question. This is
how we answer that. A lot of people ask
this question. This is how we answer
it." That's it. It's all we're doing.
Again, it doesn't need to be super long,
but it will help qualify customers and
you will see a dramatic lift if you only
do this. The rumors are true. My next
book, $100 million Money Models, is
coming out and I'm launching it at a
live event. And at the event, which you
can register for free, I'm going to show
you how to do four things. One, get more
customers to spend more money in less
time with you over and over again. And
the craziest thing of all is that I've
been planning on a secret project for
multiple years. And every single person
who shows up live is going to get one.
And I can't tell you what it is, but I
can tell you that it's less than a
Bitcoin and more than NFT. And every
single person who shows up live gets
one. But you got to be there live August
16th. I'll see you there.
The second thing we did is we implement
Bant and I do this in basically every
single business that I advise which is
budget, authority, need and timing. So
this is actually originally from uh IBM
in like the 60s and it has stuck. So do
they have the money? Can they make the
decision? Do they need this solution for
them right now? And the right now is the
timing piece. Are they willing to move
forward today? And in terms of asking
the question, we could just ask
questions like, can you afford $5,800 in
order to get your business, you know,
incorporated, your IP protected. Is
there anyone else who's involved in this
decision? That's authority. What happens
if you don't solve this need? When would
you like to get this done or when would
you like to start? And you give them a
drop down like today, tomorrow, or you
know, a few weeks from now. You want to
sell by the way to people who say today
or tomorrow. See, the next thing we did
um is that we needed to fix this from a
consultation to a sales call. All right,
which means that we actually have to
have a script. We have to clarify where
they're there. Label them on the problem
over their past experiences. Understand
the gap between where they are where
they want to go. We aggravate the pain.
Make sure it's very clear what happens
if they don't do it. And I'll give you
the the simplest structure for this,
which is plus minus minus plus minus
minus plus. All right. So, what you show
here is you say, hey, if you work with
me, you get more good stuff. And if you
work with me, you get less bad stuff.
Cool. Now, if you don't work with me,
you're going to get more bad stuff. And
if you don't work with me, you're going
to get less good stuff. And so that
gives you four angles of persuasion that
you can do in the sales consultation
when you get to the S of the closer
framework. So clarify, C, L, label them
with a problem. O, overview the past
experience. S, sell them the vacation.
Here we go. E, explain away their
concerns. Part of that's going to be
covered in the VSSL. If they come back
up, you overcome them the same way. And
then R, reinforce the decision, which is
once they ultimately buy. The next thing
we do, which I'm not always a big fan
of, but because he had so many
unqualified customers, is having a
downell that was basically hands-off and
just said, "Hey, you can buy this thing
for $2 to $3,000." Rather than saying,
"Buy it for, you know, $10 a month."
Right? It's a different a different way
of monetizing uh the do-it-yourself
path. But I also like this as a downell
because you're like, man, for only, you
know, for if I'm 3K for this and I just
pay an extra 2,800 bucks and I can have
them do it and make sure it's right, I'd
rather have them do it. So, we actually
have anchors on both sides. So the
downell is not that much less and the
anchor is way higher. So it makes the
best path or the best option the 5800
which is the core offer. When we put
these pieces in place for the sales
process, it creates a predictable system
rather than relying on ad hoc or random
chance. And the pre-qualification
process makes sure that time is spent
with the valuable prospects, the good
people who've got the money to spend the
the need to get solved, the authority to
make the decision, they want to do it
now. And the VSSL sets the expectations
and a structured approach in the
conversation allows for continuous
improvement so that you can actually
look at the the sales. You can listen to
the recording. So you can add stuff to
the VSSL, you can add to the script and
you keep the optimization cycle going.
And this is what makes sales repeatable,
measurable, and ultimately scalable to a
team rather than it just being a vague
we talk to people sometimes approach,
which is what the lot a lot of business
owners do because you know it's worked
for you so far. But the thing is is
sometimes what's worked for you so far
is not going to get you where you want
to go. Come check this out real quick.
So if you're listening to this and being
like, "Wow, these are really specific
instructions." Guess what? He was at
stage four prioritize in the scaling
roadmap. What was his constraint
product? You said yes to anyone who
would pay. Feedback from so many
different customers creates too many
different product directions. Does that
sound familiar? It's because businesses
behave in patterns. And the nice thing
is that because they behave in patterns,
they can also be solved with the same
patterns. So what do you have to do?
Specialized product. Do a V2 price to
serve that new niche down avatar. That's
what we did. Marketing. You had too many
unqualified leads. So what do we do?
Make better free stuff. the education
and make more creative to boost volume.
They already had enough creative, but he
was leaking. Add qualification and
friction. So, the extra volume self-
selects. Doesn't this sound a lot like
what we just did? Now, this isn't like a
magic trick where I'm like, "Wait, I
just reprint this for every one of these
videos." No, it's like businesses behave
in patterns. And so, if you're stuck
right now and you would like to see what
we do to help get people unstuck, you
can go to acquisition.com/romap.
We actually made this for ourselves as
an internal assessment tool because I
wanted to have a more tech- enabled
service, but then I was like, you know
what? Let's just make it free. And so
that's what we did. All right. Now, if
you would like our help doing this, kind
of like what we did with this particular
attorney, on the next page, you can book
a call and our team will get to know
you, get to know the business, and if it
makes sense, invite you out in person to
our headquarters where we can actually
dig into the business and come up with
the most personalized tactics that will
ultimately help you scale the business
the fastest. So, if that sounds
interesting, click the link, get the
free thing, and book a call. Otherwise,
enjoy the rest of the video. So, the
TLDDR is this. Keep the main thing the
main thing, and cut what's not working.
Second point, traffic is useless without
a clear direction. Three, price based on
value, not time. If you want to see the
actual conversation that I had uh with
this uh attorney, you can look at it
over here. Enjoy.